The dumped titles are encrypted with firmware-specific keys. That means you have to get the latest keys for the firmware you're using.

This is something you should've done when first installing CFW on your console or updating the firmware.

1. **Download [Lockpick_RCM](https://github.com/shchmue/Lockpick_RCM/releases/latest)**.
2. Inject ``Lockpick_RCM.bin`` using your favorite payload injector and follow the on-screen instructions.
    * The keys will be saved to `sd:/switch/prod.keys`.
3. Copy the `prod.keys` file to a folder somewhere on your PC. 
4. **Download [Goldleaf](https://github.com/XorTroll/Goldleaf/releases/latest)**.
    * Version 0.3 introduced the ability to dump titles to NSP files. We'll be using it to dump system menu titles from the NAND.
5. Open Goldleaf on your console. Navigate to *Manage console contents* and select *NAND SYSTEM*.
    * You will see a list of titles installed to the *SYSTEM* partition of your console's NAND. **From now on you have to be extremely careful and do only what this guide tells you too. Messing with the internal memory can seriously damage your console. At least have a working NAND backup to restore in case things go wrong.**
6. Find the titles you want to extract
    * Use the [progress.md](https://github.com/bandithedoge/switch-pl/blob/master/progress.md) page as a cheat sheet for titles and their files.
7. After finding the right title, press A two times and select *Export*
    * Unfortunately, you have to do this manually for every title you want to dump.
8. Copy the dumped NSP files from `sd:/switch/Goldleaf/dump/title/` to a folder somewhere on your PC.
    * **You can now delete everything in `sd:/switch/Goldleaf/dump/title/`**

Proceed to [Extracting the dumps](https://github.com/bandithedoge/switch-pl/wiki/2.-Extracting-the-dumps).