When you're done translating your file, it's time to test it on the console.

1. Save your MSBT file.
2. Run `python <LIBYAZ0> -c -level 9 <MSBT>`. You'll get a file with the same name but with the `.msbt.szs` extension. Don't change that.
    * Replace `<LIBYAZ0>` with the path to the `main.py` file from the libyaz0 repository.
    * Replace `<MSBT>` with the path to the MSBT file you want to test.
    * **`MiiEditN.msbt` and `Cruiser.msbt` do not require compression. They also don't have double extensions**.
3. Access the microSD card of your console from your PC by using a microSD reader, FTP or MTP.
4. Make sure the folder for LayeredFS titles exists.
    * **Atmosphere > 0.9.4**: `sd:/atmosphere/contents`
    * **Atmosphere =< 0.9.4**: `sd:/atmosphere/titles/`. Update your CFW already for fuck's sake.
    * **ReiNX**: `sd:/reinx/titles/`
    * **SXOS**: `sd:/sxos/titles/`
5. Go inside your titles folder and create folders with the right TitleIDs.
    * Again, use [progress.md](https://github.com/bandithedoge/switch-pl/blob/master/progress.md) as a guide.
6. Create an empty file named `fsmitm.flag` in every TitleID folder.
    * This file is important because it tells the CFW to use this directory for LayeredFS. The file will be ignored if `fsmitm.flag` doesn't exist.
7. Recreate the original folder structure of the titles and place the SZS files in the correct folders.
    * Your structure should look something like this: `sd:/atmosphere/contents/<TITLEID>/romfs/message/EUen/` (if you're using Atmosphere and replacing English for European consoles).
8. Reboot your console and launch CFW. Look for changed strings.